docs: shorten readme; move vocabulary into docs; fix sextant page; update index (#214)
btpworks/chronicle: README.md

# Chronicle

A tool for recording and querying provenance data stored on distributed ledgers.

## Getting Started

> We recommend you start by exploring the Chronicle examples repo and trying to
> build one of the examples there: <https://github.com/btpworks/chronicle-examples>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you start by exploring the
[Chronicle examples repo](https://github.com/btpworks/chronicle-examples)
and experimenting with one of the runnable application domains that it provides.
```
A few thoughts wrapped together in this suggestion, feel free to ignore them all, no blockers with your original.

Author: I deliberately chose not to obfuscate the repo URL.

Author: Feel free to change the text to something like this:
We recommend you start by exploring the Chronicle examples repo, and trying to
build and experiment with one of the runnable application domains there: <https://github.com/btpworks/chronicle-examples>

> We recommend you start by exploring the Chronicle examples repo and trying to
> build one of the examples there: <https://github.com/btpworks/chronicle-examples>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you start by exploring the Chronicle examples repo, and trying
to build and experiment with one of the runnable application domains there: <https://github.com/btpworks/chronicle-examples>
```
